literal literal okay I mean anything
any move you guys can
do any move and then say
that a joke is already done so but no well
look what maybe would have served
as an excuse for Jordi Wild the other day and it
is that they were smoking him okay they
were smoking him for this tweet if you
want you can lose weight well
if you're a millionaire then yes okay okay well let's
see I can see the ones mentioned I can't see
the ones mentioned I'm going to see the answer it
turns out that I imposed this tweet
okay and it became a trend because it was
founded give thank you very much
welcome hey remind
everyone that you have a little button there to
join okay a very nice little button for members
ok and that you have a
special price for the cover I mean this is an
actor no if I'm not mistaken this
man is an actor the actors in fact
for the roles that they are going to
play in the movies they put them on
diets and lifestyles totally to
gain and lose weight very quickly there are
actors that suddenly you see them in a
movie super super strong in others
they are thin in others they get fat
okay  the thing that if you want you
can lose weight
I really believe that as much as you can as much as you
can and watch out I could be wrong I'm not a
professional I know that there are illnesses I know that there are
problems with which there are
people who find it much more difficult to
lose weight or gain weight okay
brains I know that perfectly well but I
believe that as much as you can as much
as you can
okay other things that it is more complicated
for each one and such but man it doesn't
seem like a reason to cancel someone I'm
going to see her
big and I dance I manage not to look like
nabor Ibai hasn't lost weight because he doesn't
want to I mean he has said on many
occasions that he likes to eat a lot and that he ca
n't help it
okay I'm with you Jordi 100 100
simply and mentally prepare
yourself can you imagine Ibai thin let's
see it would
look strange not
that each one does what they want
who wants to lose weight well who doesn't well
nothing
the offended ones have already come out I mean
literally Jordi's tweet says if you
want you can I mean he
literally hasn't said hey
everyone please lose weight you
fat piece of [ __ ] has already said who
wants to  you can
and the offended people already came out here not
losing weight due to suffering sexual
bullying
ok fine legitimate basically it was that or
hitting yourself with a cork
people making excuses like this guy
is rich and I can lose weight by
training an hour a day eating healthy
without spending a lot of money well to stop that it
costs more not everyone
has it that easy there are people karime if
this weighed 130 kilos seriously to have
a gastric bypass
look totally agree there is no excuse
I will change favorite of josep piqué
I think it is possible I think that as
possible possible is I
think that everyone can I think
that everyone can be in shape
if they want because yes everyone if they
want can get strong defined and all
but man you have to like it you have to
be very constant there are
people who do not have the mentality and the
mental strength that is necessary to go
every day and train what it
takes to achieve their goal I tell you there
are people who maybe only
need 34 hours of gym a day there are
other people who need 4 hours of
gym a day you know what I mean
eye
but hunger I don't see it a
foul comment I don't see that I'm being
disrespectful here examples of
physical changes look look incredible it's impossible I do
but manage to lose the 40 kilos
that I gained due to a hormonal problem good
nutrition and walking daily 10
kilometers at a good pace hey look eh
and then
yeah man
[ __ ] [ __ ] Cristian let's watch the
video of pollito giving his opinion on the subject
of what he says
and I think he's somewhat right now the
whole way has been explained okay because first
I need you all to see this effect
[Music] have you
noticed that when you order
in the middle of a roasted chicken you're
sharing the other half with a
stranger maybe you'll never meet
but you're eating the same chicken I
call this the invisible chicken thread
and that's how we get like this
if we get like this
from each cow from each cow how many
hamburgers come out and from each pig
how much food comes out because the pig comes out
he was the one sucking the ham
how much food comes out of each pig I know
how many people share the same pig
impossible to know
[Music] do
you know why most of the people  he can't
find his better half because in
truth what he's looking for is his
better half of course you have the logic the
same thing we all end up the few fat ones
in any case it turns out that the other
day Jordi Savage appeared he posted this
tweet oh my god Jordi where did you sit
friend it was more than good that the masses
were going to throw themselves at him because it is a
sensitive issue we find ourselves in a
stage where closing a person of
300 kilos and perhaps he should visit or
build it is not considered an affront
fat
logically it is not only for
your image
host
healthy it is not either no let's
see I am not a professional but I think it
is healthy healthy it is not no no there is no
need to have the
measurements
of the canons of beauty of today
neither valuable nor perfect nobody is
but we also have to take care of a
little what is the issue of health not
every person has the right to do with
their body what they really want and
radiolé doping mind where they would be free
and should not be judged for it
regardless of what they have now
well the eternal debate is
when an obese person is seen and
judged by those  20 donuts nor of which
a thin person generally does not
lower those torches please I have
not finished yet 3 much to look at and in
other videos I think I have not mentioned the
problem of that human reality that we
inevitably assume things
based on what we want, need or
cultivate, treats the example is in
Jordi's tweet the body is interpreted in a thousand
ways I discovered that the majority of
young fat people tend to be bad people
many say that they suffer from bullying but
I see that they are usually the bullies
the reasons because being young they are
spoiled by their parents and they use
victimhood when they are caught thanks
it's late but I don't think it is
related to personality
like if he is fat he jogs if he
is fat he is a bad person that does not make
sense to it if there are people like that
regardless of their physique, do
n't be imaginary that I am a very good
person and I am like I am very good no
and within the year for example a couple
of years ago with the departure with the corticosteroid
I became more inflated hetero I was not
fat either but this work of teno
well by dt was not enough with donuts
no  for him for a little sleep for
the body he
wasn't the same person with other kilos no no I don't
think he has any care
taking very bad people who have
taken very good ones and people who decide to leave
mister obviously what would we do without this
man pointing out something that he considered as a
dietician and nutrition professional I
tell you your simplistic nature is not only a
sign of absolute ignorance but
dangerous and harmful for dangerous the
comment Jordi is dangerous and
hide yourselves kids really I win if they get into
this nonsense it makes me sick it makes me
really sick they don't get into
[ __ ] I get sick
no sometimes if you want you can't and
behind every house and a thousand circumstances
and pathologies nice influence of yours
hey what's going on man like what influence
nice influence that we have to say what
you like
nice influence really gets on my
dick I mean let's see already speak already no no no not
only with physical issues I mean
this happens a lot with
ideological issues there are people who are
against feminism others are in favor
of feminism there are people who are in
favor of bullfighting others in  against
bullfighting there are people who are in
favor of religion there are others who
are against it there are others who
respect it there are others who don't
each of us have a million
thoughts okay it really pisses me
off when someone says nice
influence yours
because it's not yours because it's not the
same thought as yours I mean
as long as it's not offensive I don't think it's
bad a thing like that we have to blame
people for their influence that's why I
said the majority and young people because
when they enter adulthood it depends on
them I had a bad person partner who
was fat but after growing up and
working now he is thinner and
responsible
delegate and responsible to the fat and
bad people now delegate and responsible
have nothing to do with the same
person now it can affect your
mood it can affect your health affects
that be it me when
I when I am with outbreaks or the days
that I feel bad with the chrome I
have a very bad answer don't talk to me I
am very flavorful I am very like
women or the period I
mean health affects personality
of course okay and then it
can affect you if now is good
for the most responsible person or not I don't
know I think that  it doesn't affect but well
I'm not an expert but what I'm
telling you is like you have to
throw in people's faces the
influence you give when you're
teaching kids something bad
harmful offensive but don't have the
same thinking that you had don't say
what you like don't touch my
dick
on my dick nice influence of yours
since there will be people who will have a harder time of
course we are not all the same
nor do we have the same metabolism and there are
diseases and things like that but
as possible as possible if you
insist you do it foreseen super
super extreme cases
that maybe you can't at this moment
because at this moment you're on
medication such that I keep my mouth shut
because I'm not an expert but he's not
saying anything offensive
okay he's not saying anything anymore not to give
someone a complex or to make
someone depressed or anything I mean
if he wants to put himself and art on the subject you
do it
but I, who am a vast majority who knows
hunger in their daily lives decide to inflate it
for whatever reason they please but well
what matters to me from twitter is the
desire to take Jordi  like something bad
in me as motivating when really on
twitter itself it is motivating very well
said support be the new offensive it is
motivating good signs of wanting
thrown very bad it is damn bull because
for example in this video that I made a
chavez decided why potato take a
speech from a person who is superior bad and
that encouraged the normalization of
diversity when the girl in
questions only said that having a
love handle scar or whatever was not a
reason for you to have to hide in
a cave it is art and lose
contact with the world because either you are a
monster since you do not have the great body and the
perfection of a person from the magazine it
is data that from the painting explained but
come on this brings about another problem and
come on eyes and all the past at
work the only thing that truly
belongs to us in this life is
ourselves dissipate for quirós well that
tattoo is all over the body even in
the eyes it is pepa's problem and it is more
useful to you it is telling you that if you
love your art do it it is not
telling you to be like her but to
do what you think is convenient we
leave the quotes  station house
details large well and xxl price no
resources been commenting on
obesity are all the
plus sizes that look they tell you that even if you
are fat you do not have to hide
in the cave to dress with the water that makes you
feel pay for tastes there are colors and
that you have one body or another does not
mean that you cannot feel and in a
beautiful and this I repeat that it is not about
commenting that it prints mosquitoes but that you
love yourself as you are at some
point I want to make a change in your
life that is because you want it not because
someone is imposing it on you if we add to this
Jordi's tweet it can be
easily interpreted that if you are not
comfortable with those extra kilos you can
change although as is evident that it will
require time and some sacrifices
the fairy godmother of
Cinderella and Vivid and Bobby Tibú are not going to appear less 20
kilos you have and the pou pill at the
moment does not exist either it is not much to
eat because then if I could I would
criticize it on the screen
but don't worry it has possibilities for everything
even to make you lose weight
but if it existed bathed in gold I would be a
creator what  we get into
health, being fat does not imply not being
healthy and being thin does not imply health
depends on the person, for example, I am
a girl who can be in low
temperatures walking around with her
fig leaf and I don't catch it, it's not cold, two you
take off a fine yes but the reflex no
while my other people who as soon as they
take off their scarf god catches them
confessed because they catch a cold
cross
now let it be clear that I
expose myself daily to being able to catch
that discomfort while the other
person tries to be careful not to
catch it, this same thing can be transferred to the
field of obesity of the erc and the others, it does
not imply that one hundred percent of
cases you have health problems as a result
of it but it can be a factor
that in some people only generates or
provokes other problems 1090 and almost
all of us will agree that the
safer and hairier the miches are, the
healthier they seem, I mean, I see
this and I just want to put my face in their
belly to get lost in equality and have
wonderland'
and never return to reality and let's not
talk about it  of the hamsters look at this
little thing please if with those
muffle whistles I can only think of seeing her
more but of course if these animals
had for example a
respiratory problem those extra kilos
would probably be quite harmful in
any case I emphasized that each
character of their body do what they
want and of course you do not have to
feel bad about it because it is not
identical to a canon and come on I checked
maybe I am in an
extremely positive mode where I have not
seen more 12 on twitter Jordi but
true intentions to motivate
those who want to make a change
and do not see it impossible damn the
actress who came out walking the note has
lost I do not know how many kilos and rogues one
day
but I do not know how many kilos but it gives you
half not of the biggest problems that
could have to lose weight is that the
producers wanted her fat and fat people
that they did in their roles to give her
a simple spectrum she had to decide
between her work or her body and these
decisions have to be made by the penya
in other aspects but to be there
if pp instead of  spending 200 dollars
on pixar is spent on a nutritionist
or whatever who looks at your circumstance and
advises you on what steps you should take to
be healthy, surely the story will
change but you have to make that decision and it
is not as easy as it may sound because there
may be depression involved
etc. you should do what you want come on
the point is that the issue of obesity
consulted with professionals and so on
can be handled it is not impossible it is like having
a good car cut off from pepa and she
wants to have the life of piccolo and that she
respects herself improving
or it is impossible it is not
knowing impossible impossible impossible
totally that someone can't that
there are people who can't man
impossible no I hope that I was telling you at the
beginning of the video but as a
professional it is society which is
incapable of assuming that something is its fault
or that it truly does have
the ability to change it and name is
already referring to the issue of being fat or
not or if not at a general level it is like
the human being always makes excuses
for those actions that are out of
their zone and again I use myself as an example
in the videos and in this one there are  two but
cork is the truth I already have a very bad
memory and those of you who follow me are
aware that when I'm even
talking about a topic that I know suddenly I
can go blank and truly
not have the slightest idea of ​​what I've
been talking about and I have the decision
of which path I want to follow not to do
live shows and only speak in video with a
script in which I have a lot of control
or do live shows with millions that serve
as a cheat sheet for when
that oversight occurs in short you
could say that I try to improve something
that I'm not good at but to
do instead of making an excuse and
passing but of course I am interested in
improving that if I didn't have it or what do I know
to all this the game is nice
the library that it is impossible for me to
grab a measly kilo well look you know
what happens that used to happen to me when I
had that each case is a world
but I imagine that if you go down to a
nutritionist you will get it for sure in my
case look I had chrome disease I
didn't know it always all the youth
super super puny but super super
super in the bones no longer thin no no
no in the wessis  we go in the wessis imos I
remember that in the car that I had
back then obviously whatever the car that I
had I'm going to show it okay because it's
good you haven't seen it I remember that
in the driver's seat there
was always the mark of my cook bone and you
know what the cook bone and the
ass bone and then always in everything in
my car I load move as it was my seat
no well there was the mark of the cooking bone
it's tremendous
and it's that I was in the bones imos
look to look for the car
but I'm buying if you see the
license plate
well it doesn't matter much it goes to the
matrix wow
if I don't have the car well let's see
take
these are the cars that I had okay
the last one is this one but I'm not going to
enlarge it because it is I imagine that
the license plate will be seen okay but this car
from when I was young is not worth it at all
striking and for nothing here we are not worth
getting things well in the
passenger seat well the passenger seat in
mine I always had the cookie bone
is that here it is called cookie bones
okay it is called yes yes like Peter of the
Eel totally yes yes yes you have it
nailed the key
even if it's another photo of the car at another
time
there it was painted yellow but here I
also had it black
black with the white successes and full of
stars or in other words the car had the car
very discreet okay star here huge
over here they take the stars and on the
hood
and basically what I tell you
suddenly when
and I knew that I had the chrome disease
and I started to get treatment okay I did
n't change my eating habits I
always my whole life always my whole life I've
eaten the same a lot a lot
and also food in most of them I have a
diet of foods that are the typical
tribute they make you fat you know and people freak out
vapors already it's that I have you eat well it's a
chance of you eat three hamburgers two
boxes of lita and even had breakfast maybe
a huge pizza
crazy things I ate purple and
I didn't gain weight at all always like Peter de la Anguila at the moment that they detected the chrome two months ago be it three years not of the chrono well whatever two or three years he stressed I went from morbid obesity grade 2 to being almost underweight in my  adolescence the problem is that it is
a set of foods desire and
psychological support to make the process
easier I think that we have to locate what
the problem is but in the end with
possible professionals
listen you don't care if you don't care if you
put other things forward
everyone has their right to do with their
body what they want in both shots
that was going from what happened with chrome
when it happened when they detected the
chrome or you in the hospital the
digital age there of course I didn't eat in the
hospital only liquid and I stayed at 60
kilos 58 kilos something like that super super super
puny okay well then when
I started treatment and tied up well I returned
home you know that I have already returned to
normal and I have not become
thin again and even one pushed by the
corticosteroids I was more bloated hetero
because the food seems to taste like the
life that I lead now that is not the
same as getting up at 4 in the
morning and being 9 or 12 hours running from one place
to another or rather I think it is
locating the problem the problem with
progressives is that they look for  impose a body
post-it and that endorses not taking
care of your body whether you are a few kilos
over or under
and it's like let's see no one is
telling you that you have to feel bad or
like a monster or anything like that or
that it makes you have the complex because
this fat that nobody is perfect that
of course nobody has to offend
anyone because of their physique that everyone
has to do is take care of themselves and that's okay
but from there without [ __ ] with what you
can't no man it can be done there
are people who like to love a person who
costs them less but it is possible it is possible and I
am happy as I am
nothing would happen take the paris now thank you very much
welcome another way and here
peace and then glory what also
cannot be is that I was complaining
about that situation and if it has a solution and I will
not try to remedy it even if they are
small steps
another issue would be what I told you about pep
there is a peak what there are things that even if you
want it you can't
and well basically in my opinion
of course if
you feel good you have no complexes
you feel healthy what I mean
conscious healthy
in your life it does not affect you you can get on
the car get out of the car walk
calmly without it suffocating you I don't know
what you think is romanticized with
obesity well it depends on the person
okay but generally no I think
this is done simply because it's
typical of the poor the posing
cancel Vélez thank you very much getting offended
by everything it
's that these people have a mentality
that doesn't fit me okay because if you
notice everyone from this way of
thinking gets offended by
anything you can't joke around okay [ __ ]
Caribbean it doesn't seem like you do
n't tell me it's at the end in the
world it does
n't seem like it anymore
since you feel better now
but these people have a very
contradictory mentality it's like they get
offended by everything but then when
they when they offend
now you are great my weapon gorgeous
but then when they offend
when I offend and when I call you
stupid humor exists
they are the support